# DComEX Weekly Dev Meeting 2022-03-22

[Kanban board](https://trello.com/b/EDF4PkRm/framework-prototype)
[GitHub](https://github.com/DComEX)

## Attendees

* Ben Cumming
* Sam Omlin
* George Stavroulakis
* Andreas Fink
 
Apologies

* Ioannis Kalogeris
* Georgios Arampatzis

## Action Points from last meeting

We discussed the Milestones:
1. MSolve PoC that demonstrates all the features we need for MSolve in prototype framework (w2 April)
    * tested via CI/CD at CSCS.
    * documentation of dependencies and requirements.
2. a simple use case where Korali runs an MSolve model (possibly no MPI/GPU) (end April) 
3. Integration of MSolve + Korali at CSCS (end May)
    * requires a common base container image
    * merging of build definitions
    * implementation of test case 1
    * framework repository

## Topics

* The MSolve module
* Korali status update
* Update from CSCS
* What is defined by the DComEX Framework?

## Minutes

* Korali CI/CD PR was merged
    * Daniel and Andreas have configured the webhook in the Korali repo and a dummy PR was tested
    * Next step: CSELab provide a multi-node GPU test.

* MSolve MPI:
    * succesful integration of MPICH with MPI .NET
    * tested with a simple hello world MPI example.
        * next step: testing a more complex linear algebra example in container.
    * Samuel has tested building with Buildah on Daint.
        * next step: test it on Daint.
* MSolve CUDA:
    * next dependency to integrate after MPI

CI/CD and containers
    * for all projects we are storing the "base image" on DockerHub, not JFrog.
    * this allows external users to update images.

## Action Points

- [ ] MSolve: linear algebra MPI example
- [ ] MSolve container: test on Daint
- [ ] MSolve: add MPI and examples to the CI/CD pipeline.
- [ ] MSolve: test CUDA integration.

