# DComEX Weekly Dev Meeting 2022-05-17

[Kanban board](https://trello.com/b/EDF4PkRm/framework-prototype)
[GitHub](https://github.com/DComEX)

## Attendees

* Ben Cumming
* George Stavroulakis
* Andreas Fink
* Lucas Amoudruz

Apologies:
* Sam Omlin

## Action Points from last meeting

- [x] AF: set up CI pipeline.
- [x] BC: set merge rules in configuration and add AF and SO as repo maintainers.
- [x] AF & SO: define base image that meets requirements of both korali+MSolve
- [x] LA: define which commit/version of Korali to use and add as a git submodule `/korali`
- [x] GS: configure MSolve `/msolve`
    - [ ] finalise by merging
- [ ] LA and GS: work on joining the "mocks" in `/integration`
- [ ] SO and AF: help via slack.

## Minutes

On container base images
* right now using Andrea's dockerhub account
* proposal: have another pipeline that builds the base image in the CSCS registry

We reviewed the two pending PRs.
- one merged ()
- one commented.

We agreed to move conversation around the PRs to the GitHub PR page: https://github.com/DComEX/dcomex-prototype/pull/3#pullrequestreview-975663296

On tests for integration:
* LA: no tests added yet
    1. test korali-msolve interface with mock
    2. how do we test msolve integration.
        - would it be expensive to run a full 
    3. GS: test single korali-msolve-korali callback
        * use the heat example in the msolve PR.
    5. BC: what about a full optmisation?
        * GS: the small example we have requires very little resources.

* LA asked for assistance on testing the pipeline
    * see https://github.com/DComEX/dcomex-prototype/blob/master/ci/prototype.yml
    * see the `run_prototype_test` stage
    * LA: what about testing it locally before pushing?
        * AF: you can do it locally with docker installed
        * take this offline/slack

## Other news

## Action Points

- [ ] AF: look at error in CI/CD pipeline
- [x] GS: configure MSolve `/msolve`
    - [ ] address comments then merge
    - [ ] add building of MSolve to the CI
- [ ] LA and GS: work on joining the "mocks" in `/integration`
- [ ] SO and AF: help via slack.

