# DComEX Weekly Dev Meeting 2022-04-26

[Kanban board](https://trello.com/b/EDF4PkRm/framework-prototype)
[GitHub](https://github.com/DComEX)

## Attendees

* Ben Cumming
* Sam Omlin
* George Stavroulakis
* Andreas Fink
* Vissarion Papadopoulos

Apologies

* Ioannis Kalogeris
* Georgios Arampatzis

## Action Points from last meeting

The last meeting was skipped due to other planning meetings. From the meeting before that:

- [x] Document MSolve dependencies and requirements in GitHub repo https://github.com/DComEX/software-catalogue
- [x] Make decision on the the Korali+MSolve use case for first integration
- [ ] CSCS finalise attendance at the next DComEX meeting in Greece.

## Topics

* Status of MSolve dependency documentation
* Update on integration of Korali and MSolve in the prototype framework.

## Minutes

* dependency documentation is up in a PR
    * https://github.com/DComEX/software-catalogue/pull/2

* Korali+MSolve integration use case for first test
    * Currently CSElab trying to hire somebody to work on Korali
    * As such, no decision on use case yet
        * hopefully in the next few days.
* One option for integration
    * we have both korali and msolve tested independently on Daint

* Possible MVP use case for baseline framework:
    * A single repository and CI/CD pipeline that builds both korali and msolve together, and tests them separately
        * the start point for later integration
    * There was a small toy-integration
        * made a few years ago
        * msolve side (solving heat eqn) still works
        * we would need to test integration with Korali.
        * needs some input from CSElab side.
        * _stretch goal for baseline prototype_

* Ben will be away next week.

## Action Points

- [ ] PoC the korali and msolve docker and git repositories
    - [ ] BC: creates a repository
    - [ ] AF: CI/CD external cofiguration
    - [ ] AF and GS: define the common / separate container for both Korali + MSolve
    - [ ] GS: get tests for MSolve running in this environment
    - [ ] SO: port over Korali tests and get them running
    - [ ] everybody: decide on a repository structure
- [x] BC: merge msolve documentation.

