# DComEX Weekly Dev Meeting 2022-05-10

[Kanban board](https://trello.com/b/EDF4PkRm/framework-prototype)
[GitHub](https://github.com/DComEX)

## Attendees

* Ben Cumming
* Sam Omlin
* George Stavroulakis
* Andreas Fink
* Lucas Amoudruz

## Action Points from last meeting

The last meeting was skipped because Ben was on work travel.

From the meeting before:
- [ ] PoC the korali and msolve docker and git repositories
    - [x] BC: creates a repository
    - [ ] AF: CI/CD external cofiguration
    - [x] AF and GS: define the **common** / separate container for both Korali + MSolve
    - [ ] GS: get tests for MSolve running in this environment
    - [ ] SO: port over Korali tests and get them running
    - [ ] everybody: decide on a repository structure
- [x] BC: merge msolve documentation.

## Minutes

Korali-MSolve integration
* Lucas was introduced to the original PoC Korali-MSolve integration by MGroup
* Container image has been tweeked to handle input-output of file formats.
    * processing xml files
* Lucas worked on integration of xml files on Korali solve
    * using a simple mock of MSolve

* created the dcomex-framework prototype repo
    * https://github.com/DComEX/dcomex-prototype

* one container image with both korali-msolve 
    * constraints for prototype:
        * one gpu per MSolve task
        * MPI is used as a meta-scheduler: one Python process running on each rank
            * communicates with local MSolve instance from Python.
            * python process is long-lived and Msolve is called many times from the python process
    * from these constraints a single container image with both Korali and MSolve.
    * **stretch goal**: the final framework will likely need to support >1 MPI rank per MSolve run.
    * 

Development workflow: how do we collaborate
* Andreas: use fork and PR model
    * work in separate fork
    * make PRs
        * each PR has to update relevant tests.
    * merge when reviewed and tests pass (hard requirement)

* Repository structure
    * `/korali`: git submodule
    * `/msolve`: NuGet
    * `/integration`: python etc that defines integration
    * `/ci`: for gitlab yaml and container definition
    * `readme.md`: semi-professional (i.e use the logo)

## Other news

* Samuel on vacation 2 weeks starting 16th

## Action Points

- [ ] AF: set up CI pipeline.
- [x] BC: set merge rules in configuration and add AF and SO as repo maintainers.
- [ ] AF & SO: define base image that meets requirements of both korali+MSolve
- [ ] LA: define which commit/version of Korali to use and add as a git submodule `/korali`
- [ ] GS: configure MSolve `/msolve`
- [ ] LA and GS: work on joining the "mocks" in `/integration`
- [ ] SO and AF: help via slack.
